hey this is my truck with fault
modifications on it and I think it looks
pretty good the westin grill guard i
just installed with the west and lights
that i can't figure out how to get them
working i think it has something to do
with the fact that has three grounds and
I I believe but I haven't found the
correct ground but anyway we'll keep
trying built ford tough use the inside
of it as you can see a lot of ford
aftermarket stuff on the inside already
see that just rubber mats they picked up
at walmart and other places at these
cool little things here they're five
bucks appear at a place called princes
auto here the kind of like felt their
wheel cover forward I of course you
gotta have set of dice and the Ford CD
holder picture the back window magnaflow
nope i KN deckle my magnaflow mascot and
of course the cool forward racing decal
better get something for the back brake
lights soon my tonneau cover my signifer
my SCT tuner excalibur three
magnaflow exhaust cat back and my
trailer hitch and the little backup way
that box of that okay I'm going to go
turn it on and let you listen
I also slept of the sport for bait for
decals that were on the truck I think
these ones look better and can also see
the Pinstripe their frontline stall for
me the forward running boards step up
three one fall
for brand ring guards
my lung the hood scoops it
some people think goofy because this
picked on all right there look okay
and my ford
buggered
try to keep as much bored as possible
but not always possible these are the
original tires and the wheels your
aluminum with the plastic inserts they
don't
what
here's we
cold air intake okay
I've seen 6311 080 Buddha's remember in
that pretty cool I don't have anybody
with me so I can go and rev it up but
everybody knows what it sounds like kind
of like the old days that's when I was a
kid you should turn the breathers over
an hour through girls got an infrasonic
for girl they suck air make a kind of a
rumble boy
the Fed for leader and over again
2007 anyway that's the end of the show
look at my neighborhood how you can come
rub
you